Does Wei Zhong know him too?
Among them, Wei Zhong is a good friend
City Lord
Our money was stolen by a wave of people.
You have to do us justice.
Do it yourself
City Lord, what do you mean?
We are all law-abiding businesspeople
Yeah, I didn't do anything to damage the sea withered stone.
What you think you've done
I don't know?
Is it the one who wants to harm Mr. Qi?
Are you the ones who want to remove President Liang?
Are you the one who supports the identification of the lying pot?
Brother Tian, this woman is nice
How many are guilty?
It's because of Brother Tian
He deliberately framed Mr. Qi
Still entangled with the nest
Criminal record, you accomplice
You still want to marry the nest people
You don't deserve to be Chinese
You soft bones
When something goes wrong, you pass the buck to the girl.
Really not a thing
Since the biggest victim is Mr. Qi
Then how should they deal with it?
Mr. Qi decided